23-12-2024 Started by looking at accessing the text-bison@001 through gcloud using the json file key you can create in the 
    vetex ai tab in gcloud but did not have success. 
    Kept getting the folling error: 
    FailedPrecondition: 400 Project `426350680448` is not allowed to use Publisher Model `projects/gogle-llm-api-testing/
    locations/us-central1/publishers/google/models/text-bison@001`

26-12-2024 Pivited to using Gemini, more advanced, easier implementation, still through gcloud.
    Got it working and started playing around with it, looking at implenting the following: 
    Exponential backoff function as there is a request limit (the limit is not well documented).
    Chat history.

    Planning on using tkinter or customtkinter to just create a basic interface where you can upload a handful of pdf's, 
    have the text extracted, analysed by Gemini, and then given a 1 to 5 star rating (and maybe later a breakdown of the ratings)

    Got about as far as having an upload button that reads in the pdf as text. Will work on storing the text and calling 
    gemini to grade it next time.

27-12-2024 Thought that the authorisation func wasn't the point of the exersize so I'll try get that working another time.
    Got the upload and update table functions working,
    Started working on the update grades functions.


28-12-2024
    Refined the grading workflow by adding a retry mechanism with basic exponential backoff for when requests to Gemini fail due to 
    quota limits. Implemented a countdown dialog using customtkinter to inform users during backoff delays.
    Also, added a function to clear all uploaded data, resetting the table and ensuring the application can start fresh without restarting. 
    Integrated error handling to manage cases where Gemini doesn't return a valid grade or when requests exceed the quota.

    Next steps: polish the grading process, handle edge cases, and refine the UI for better usability.

29-12-2024
    Added a global authentication button to initialise GCloud and set up Vertex AI. Implemented a multithreaded approach to authentication with 
    a cancelable progress dialog, although some functionality remains incomplete.
    Refined the grading logic further by validating responses from Gemini and ensuring that only valid grades (1–5) are stored. Enhanced 
    the UI to show a preview of the extracted text from uploaded PDFs, giving users quick feedback on the upload process.
    Starting to feel like the core functionality is in place. Next step is to improve error messages, clean up code, and add detailed instructions for users.

30-12-2024
    Implemented additional buttons for "Authenticate GCloud" and "Initialise Vertex AI" to streamline the setup process. Worked on 
    refining the interaction between the UI and backend, ensuring smoother updates to the table display and reducing potential lag during grading.
    Also added better error handling for issues like file re-uploads and text extraction failures, improving the overall user experience.
    Next steps include testing with more PDFs, adding detailed error logging, and preparing the program for potential expansion (e.g., chat history or rating breakdown).

2-1-2025
    Conducted final testing with multiple PDFs to ensure the application works reliably. Fixed a few edge cases, such as handling PDFs 
    with no text or unsupported formats. Cleaned up the code and added comments to make it easier to maintain or expand in the future.
    The program is now functional, allowing users to upload PDFs, extract text, send it to Gemini for grading, and view the results in a 
    clear, easy-to-use interface. Future iterations could include more detailed grading insights or the ability to upload larger batches of files.


    